'... the city where you can make a fortune, and which you will view as home more sooner than later ...'
So says the Official Immigrant Welcome Message NCN277.C3 of the City Administration. And of course there is some truth to it: of course you will 'view Neocron as home', ... because who would want to live in the radiated Wastelands? But will you really be able to 'make a fortune' here? Well ... one thing is for sure: if you don't make a fortune in Neocron, then you will probably not be able to make it anywhere else in the world ..., because outside of Neocron there are only two more cities left on earth ...  and Tokyo 2 as well as the Dome of York are so far away from Neocron that you wouldn't even want to think about travelling there across the contaminated planet.
But the most interesting and at the same time most confusing about the Welcome Message NCN277.C3 is the following statement: 'Thousands of friendly citizens look forward to make your acquaintance!' ...hmmm ... well, I've been living in Neocron for over 20 years and in all those years I maybe met three people who could be remotely called friendly. The majority of the population is rather sly, greedy and partly armed to the teeth. And let's be totally honest now: NO ONE is looking forward to making your acquaintance. The good news is that no one hates you either ... Quite contrary: the majority just doesn't care about you. A blank page ... a nothing ... and it's up to you to just accept that or to try to show them, that they cannot afford to ignore you.
But let's not be too hasty. A few lines down in NCN277.C3 it says: 'Thanks to our wise and generous ruler, Lioon Reza, it has been possible that a free apartment has been issued to you, just as to any other new immigrant in Neocron.'  ... big deal: since a major part of the population got on the journey to the OffWorld Colonies more than half of the skyscrapers were abandoned, so it really was no big sacrifice for the government when they resolved to make the smallest and shabbiest apartments available to new citizens. Oh well, be that as it may ... you won't have to worry about getting a roof over your head after all. Maybe later on you will be able to get a classier apartment in the ViaRosso district. But for now you will have to be content with your mini-flat. To see that it doesn't stay that way I will give you some advice about how to get your career in Neocron started:

