2144-2400
In the following centuries the face of planet earth changes in a way for which it would have required millennia under normal circumstances, due to the unnaturally provoked tectonical activity. The North American continent appears to deviate to the east, while Europe drifts away from Asia. Africa and South America have for the most parts sunken beneath the waves of the oceans and the eastern part of Africa has drifted north and there collides with South Asia.
The few survivors of the war, the radiation and the ensuing natural disasters form a new kind of human race. Trained by the ongoing escape from death, grown strong by the fight against natural forces, small groups and tribes gather all over the planet, which is slowly calming down.
The earth and mankind itself are now in a state which is comparable to the early Iron Age. Although some wisdom could be passed on over the generations there is a lack of any kind of infrastructure to put this wisdom to good use. Technical devices surface sporadically from the debris, but people lack the knowledge to repair it. Only occasionally a tribe holds possession of a functioning technical device, which then is enshrined and protected like some kind of god. Most humans feed on vermin and other small animals. Furthermore, some plants prove to be nourishing.

~2480
Some tribes begin to trade with one another. In the regions of lesser radiation tribes conduct farming and cattle-breeding. Metal processing trades are prospering in the regions which are still heavily contaminated. With the people living in the latter territories a higher resistance against radiation has developed through the course of generations.

~2500
Few and far between people gain electricity from water and wind power, using it top run primitive technical installations. But power supply systems are non-existent.

~2510
The total population of earth now amounts to approximately 800,000 human beings. 75 percent of which are living in the Northern Hemisphere. The remembrance about WW3, which only lasted a few hours, has found its way into the rites and customs of the tribes long ago. In some tribes people talk about the cleansing white light, in others about the fires of the apocalypse and once again in other tribes people believe in the breath of the devil, who haunted the earth and banished the human race from paradise.

Although the memories of the catastrophe which condemned humanity are kept alive by this rites and customs, there are certain tribes which haven't specialized in farming or cattle breeding, but in the art of war. On the one hand they raid rich tribes to acquire their goods and wealth, on the other hand they offer their fighting abilities to other tribes, giving them the opportunity to deal with unfriendly neighbors.

~2520
Two warlike tribes with strong leaders become remarkably known: the tribe of Crahn and the tribe of Thor. Both of these tribes roam the contaminated earth in search of wealth and power. While the people of Thor wander through the northwest of the nameless new continent, the tribe of Crahn has declared the east of the continent to be its territory. Both tribes gain in size and influence over the years.

2523
While searching for minerals a patrol from the Crahn tribe discovers the entrance to a cave, which was buried by rocks. Since they suspect an ore mine to be within the cave, ten sturdy men of the tribe begin to excavate the entrance. After working four days they discover a cathedral-sized passage, which leads deep into the mountain. Upon clearing the way of all obstacles and after another group has ventured deeper into the mountain, they surprisingly encounter other human beings.
They find out that these people have lived inside the mountain for uncounted generations, isolated from the world outside. Their ancestors had sought shelter from the natural forces in the caves centuries ago. After the entrance to the caves became buried, no other way out was left. A subterranean river supplied the people with water and food and thus they dwelled for centuries in the colossal underground caverns of a mountain range.
The skin of these people is hardly pigmented and they are extremely thin and lean of stature. They are bald and have big black eyes with virtually no white left. It's discovered that they apparently don't communicate verbally and that they are as good as blind.
When one of the warriors hits one of the cave dwellers on the head just for fun his companions witness how the warrior is raised about nine feet into the air by invisible hands, just before he explodes from inside out. Afterwards two witnesses confirm that the eyes of the cave dweller were glowing red by that time.
From then on the cave dwellers are treated with much respect. They are lead to Crahn, who is fascinated by them from the start. Since he assumes that one day his tribe will profit from the powers of these people, he decides to admit the cave dwellers to his tribe.
Though they quickly learn to talk, they still mostly remain to themselves. Since they obviously possess telekinetic psi powers the other tribe members call them Psi Monks.

2525
The tribe of Thor and the tribe of Crahn meet at the Sea of Silence at the center of the new continent. Both tribes claim the western shore for themselves, which leads to a grim battle that's won by Crahn's people, by the help of the Psi Monks. Thor's people draw back from Crahn's troops and retreat further into the west.

2527
Because of the psionic powers at his command Crahn thinks himself to be invincible and follows Thor's troops. They reach Jeriko, the hometown of Thor's people. In a bloody battle Thor's tribe is reduced to a few thousand men for whom Crahn sets up a prison camp where they have to do heavy labor. One night Thor and a group of about fifty other prisoners manage to escape from the ruins of the city he once ruled. They flee to the west, to the tribe of Ceres. Though Thor and Ceres have never been allies they always tolerated each other peacefully. Ceres admits the exhausted men into his tribe. Since Ceres is aware of the threat Crahn poses, he proposes an alliance to Thor.
The area around Jeriko, the former home of Thor's people, is for the most parts only radiated to a minimal extent and it lies strategically well protected, situated slightly above a river's mouth. The Psi Monks suggest Crahn to build a mighty fortress on the ruins of Jeriko, to consolidate his power. Crahn, being the vain person he is, agrees. He declares the construction of this fortress to be the beginning of a new era and therefore calls the fortress Neocron (Greek: neo = new, cronos = time).

2533
Six years later Jeriko has disappeared. Where once lived the people of Thor now the mighty fortress of the new age is situated: Neocron. It's being ruled by Crahn and the Psi Monks.

2545
The hermit Mecando has seen many parts of the new world. His skin has been tanned by the weather and his provisional radiation protection suit is tattered and torn when he reaches an outpost of the Ceres tribe, totally exhausted. Quickly Thor and Ceres hear about the traveler from afar and, being curious about him, visit the outpost to meet Mecando. The old man tells them about the small tribes and their accomplishments, about heroic deeds and tragedies... and about Neocron, the huge fortress where nobody would offer him refuge.
When Mecando, Ceres and Thor are gathered together one evening, Mecando asks Ceres about the origin of his name. Ceres answers that his people once undertook an expedition into the north of the new continent. They advanced into a very cold and inhospitable area. The further they marched into the north, the more men froze to death or starved. When they finally reached the conclusion to abort the expedition, they discovered the tomb of a great warrior. A huge rock overhang covered the entrance to the tomb and enormous steel doors sealed the tomb itself. The only thing that was to be seen about the tomb from the outside was a black granite slab on which the word 'Ceres' could be read. When they looked at it more closely they also could make out the words 'Wisdom... Power...' and '...Knowledge...'. The rest of the engraved words had been ground away by the elements through time. Ceres presumed that a mighty tribe leader had been buried here and since the tomb was apparently some hundred years old he decided to help Ceres to rise again by adopting his name. He hoped that by adopting the name of this northern tribe leader the gods would give him the strength to safely bring the expedition back home. And so it happened.
Mecando is confused and tells them that he encountered the name 'Ceres' before in another context in stories and myths, although he's unable to recall their exact content. But he is sure that there was no connection to some warrior or tribe leader, and he urges Ceres to lead him to the spot where the tomb can be found. Ceres, knowing about the dangerous terrain up in the north, is not too eager to give in to the old man. But Thor becomes curious and is prepared to lead an expedition to the tomb. The warnings of Ceres remain unheard and after he tells them the way to the reputed tomb, Thor, Mecando and twenty tribesmen journey into the scant country of the north.

2546
Thor's expedition has been on its way for nearly eight months and has been reduced to fourteen men when finally they find the place which Ceres told them about. Mecando is confident that they have to advance into the inside of the 'tomb' to disclose its secret. The men begin to breach the enormous steel doors, and when Thor and Mecando enter the depths of the 'tomb' they somehow sense that nothing would be as it was before after their discovery.
And thus the people of Ceres come into possession of the whole knowledge of mankind from the 22nd century. For months the wise of the tribe study the Ceres Project. There are specific instructions on how to erect workshops, factories and power plants. Ceres orders a valley in the west to be shut off and the scholars of his tribe begin to experiment with the newly discovered knowledge. Mecando becomes chief researcher and Thor is usually the first to test the new acquisitions. Since he never stopped dreaming about taking Neocron and freeing his oppressed people he urges Mecando to develop new weapons so he would be able to accomplish his goal. Despite of Ceres' doubts Mecando is convinced by Thor to work on the development of new weapons.

2550
Of course, an important event in the development of mankind such as the discovery of the Ceres discs cannot be kept secret for long. The monks of Crahn by now have established an excellent intelligence service. Many of the most intelligent and agile citizens of Neocron have been recruited for the NSD (Neocron Security Department). The NSD succeeds in planting some of their members in the Ceres Project, who pass on information to the people of Crahn. Crahn is totally enraged when he learns about the Ceres Project. He knows that in case of war his people cannot come up with something adequate to this technological leap, and thus he orders the Psi Monks to initiate the elite of the NSD-Spies in the psionic techniques so they can read the minds of the researches of the Ceres Project.
In fact, the tribe of Crahn succeeds in acquiring a major part of knowledge from the Ceres Project by these methods. Following the failed attempt to steal the Ceres discs the NSD-Spies are discovered and executed. After this incident only citizens and friends of Ceres' tribe are allowed to participate in the project.

2556
Ten years after the discovery of the project Ceres decides to begin with the construction of an enormous city in the still sealed-off valley. He wants to realize all the theoretical knowledge gained from the Ceres discs in this city. Mecando advises to put the city beneath a protective dome of eloxated glass and steel, to protect it from the deadly radiation. Ceres announces his plans publicly, and so the Dome of York becomes a legend long before the foundation stone is placed. But in Neocron things have changed, too: the people of Crahn have begun to put the newly acquired information to good use and to expand the city. The buildings become bigger and grander from year to year.

2557
By now Thor, Ceres and Crahn are all about 50 years old. On his deathbed Mecando tells Thor about the secret of a new weapon. He calls it 'energy weapon' and explains that it does not shoot with projectiles of solid matter, contrary to conventional weapons, but with bundled energy. Mecando also tells him that he already has developed a prototype of this weapon and where it can be found.
Thor gives out orders to push the development of this new weapon. He plans to distribute several hundred weapons to his men 'til the end of the year and to attack Neocron.
Ceres and Thor argue about this plan. Ceres advises Thor to forget Jeriko and Neocron, but Thor wants to free his people. Ceres threats to abandon him and his people if Thor won't drop his plan. But Thor mocks Ceres by saying that his men are the only warriors anyway and that the tribe of Ceres would be defenseless without him.


