2005
Holographic mass storage media are introduced to the world market. The Holodisk is scanned with a laser and even the introductory model can contain amounts of data which are more than 100 times bigger than the maximum capacity of conventional mass media based on magnetic fields.

2008
NASA succeeds in conducting the first manned mission to Mars.

2010
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) launches the Ceres Project, which is designed to take 20 years to complete. The goal of this project is to store the whole knowledge of humanity clearly arranged on Holodisk. Publicly available science data of the present is reviewed and collected by a group of 250 professors and students from all over the world. The name Ceres is derived from the roman name of the Greek goddess Demeter, who was worshipped in ancient Greek as the mother of the earth and the goddess of fertility. The name was chosen because the knowledge of man is the seed (physics, chemistry, biology, mathematics etc.) as well as the fruit (technology, architecture, medicine, agriculture etc) of planet Earth at the same time.

2018
In the course of the fourth mission to Mars an accident takes place at launch time, which kills the whole crew.

2028
Dr. Karmann, leader of the Ceres Project, explains at a press conference that if a primitive civilization were to gain access to all the information the Ceres Project contains, they would be able to build nuclear plants after a few decades. This remark provides the project with an enormous amount of public attention.

2029
Dr. Karmann is found murdered. The Ceres Project gets removed from the MIT and is classified as a top-secret state-affair.

2031
The sixth mission to Mars ends with a huge success; a formerly unknown metal which exists on the red planet in considerable amounts is found most noteworthy. Thorough scientific investigation shows that this material will not become radioactive, even after the long and intensive influence of Neutrons, which result from the fusion of Tritons and Deuterons. It's suggested to double the subsidization of atomic fusion research, as the newly discovered material would make the perfect sheathing for a atomic reactor based on nuclear fusion, and because energy produced by means of nuclear fusion will only become a source of energy without radioactive side effects, if the new material is used for the sheathing.

2035
According to certain rumors the Ceres Project has been completed by the NSA, after secret military and scientific information were added. Multiple agents of the NSA are assigned to attend to the project in the future and to continuously update it. The project was probably relocated to an isolated, hermetically sealed laboratory complex, where it will be safe in case of an environmental accident or war.

2046
The US concludes a plan spanning fifteen years by taking a colony on Mars into operation. The installation is used for scientific purposes to a small extent, but its main function is the mining of the metal that was discovered on mars in 2031.

2047
After the fossil fuels of Asia have been exhausted the continent drops into poverty and chaos. Grim fights for the last oil reserves rage between Russia, Japan and China.

2049
In an American research center a Deuterium-Tritium-plasma is held stable over a sufficient amount of time. The commercial utilization of nuclear fusion is close at hand.

2051
While Japan becomes an ally of the US and is supplied by the states with arms and reinforcements, China subdues the formerly Soviet splinter states the defensive potential of which are weakened by corruption, anarchic uprisings and Mafia activity. After collaborationists have sabotaged Russia's desperate final attempt in guise of a nuclear strike Russia surrenders and most of Asia is united under the Chinese flag.
By this victory China becomes the most powerful nation of the world, an empire spanning from the Pacific Ocean to Poland.

2052
The first d-t-fusion plants are taken into operation in the US and parts of Europe. Efforts of the western world to use the newly won findings about nuclear fusion for weapons research and the production of a plasma weapon yield no useable results.

2053
Following the subjection of Asia, China begins to re-establish communism in the conquered countries. While the countries of Singapore, Thailand and South Korea, which were neutral up to this point, become allies of Japan, the remaining countries stay loyal to the Chinese Empire.

2054
The Arab Emirates sign an alliance with the empire and provide it with oil. China grants military protection against the US to the Emirates.

2055
Because of the Japanese arsenal of hi-tech weaponry, the Chinese Empire fails to occupy Japan. This leads to the signing of a non-aggression treaty. The border between Japan and the Empire becomes a highly guarded boundary. The diplomatic relations between Western Europe, the US and Japan on the one and the Chinese Empire on the other hand are at zero.

2060
Representatives of the western world and Japan sign the article of agreement about the "Federation of the Free World". This alliance will protect the member states from the mighty Empire.

2063
While the efforts to design plasma weapons are still not making any progress, the use of bundled energy / particle rays as weapons for air- and ground-based vehicles are promoted successfully by the western industry nations.

2066
The last power plant based on nuclear fission is shut down in Europe. This concludes the change from the conventional nuclear power resources to fusion power within the federation.

2068
The Federation establishes a colony on Mars that provides it with minerals.

2075
China takes the 62nd nuclear fission plant into operation to power the urban areas in former Russia. Nuclear power now has completely replaced fossil fuels and alternative power sources in the Empire. Though the Empire has obtained the theoretical knowledge about nuclear fusion by means of espionage and the trade prevents their own research, utilization of this knowledge with the sheathing material from Mars being under Federation control.

2080
Even the oil resources of the Arab Emirates run low. The most important Arabian cities will be connected to the Chinese power supplies in the following decade.

2095
The first cold nuclear fusion is accomplished in a German nuclear research center. The development of compact high-performance energy generators draws nearer. At the same time the development of new kinds of fusion plants will further improve the efficiency of this kind of energy.

2098
At Xi An, a metropolis situated south of Beijing, a jet fighter crashes into an out-dated nuclear fission plant. The sheathing of the reactor is destroyed by the power of the impact, which results in an uncontrolled nuclear fusion. Not only Xi An is contaminated by the nuclear radiation released, but also nearby Beijing. Millions die in the following years from the radiation. Radioactive dust is blown eastward by the wind, in the direction of Japan, but the neighbouring state stays mainly unharmed.

2100
Aroused by the disaster in Xi An the Japanese government decides to build radiation protection domes above the nation's major cities.

2102
The Chinese Empire discovers a way to hide conventional missiles from radar sensors. The Kerolin Stealth missile is able to deliver any kind of warhead to its target unnoticed. The Federation claims to have been in possession of this kind of stealth technology but to have kept it secret until now.

2104
China and the Federation sign the SALT-17 treaty, which prohibits the stationing and especially the deployment of stealth missiles for both sides.

2108
To utilize cold nuclear fusion for energy production the conversion of the existing fusion plants begins within the Federation.

2113
Red Terra is established on Mars as the first civil colony. Red Terra consists of seven domes and is the new home for 3,000 people. By this measure the extraterrestrial colony program of the Federation of the Free World is initiated. It's planned to relocate 400,000 people to Mars by the end of the century.

2120
Scientists discover that they can start a reaction by adding a complicated gas mixture to the atmosphere of Mars, which will make the planet's atmosphere breathable within 300 years. In the same year the pioneers begin with the terraforming. The gas mixture is called Gabanium after its developer, Dr. Gloria Gaban.

2124
The technologically backward China surprises the world as it puts up a sea barricade around neutral Australia in a blitz. Australia now is totally isolated from the rest of the world. The Federation determines not to intervene, to avoid a third world war.

2125
The Empire attacks Australia after the blockade has lasted nine months. Demoralized Australia surrenders to avoid unnecessary bloodshed, as it has become clear that the Federation won't support the country. In the past the Federation had tried multiple times to convince Australia to join them, to no avail. The continent, which always esteemed its independence and neutrality very high, could not be convinced.

2126
The extremist Chinese dictator Kong Jieshi is found murdered in his private villa. An army of bodyguards was unable to protect him. China officially proclaims that contrarevolutionary troops had startled and shot the dictator in his sleep. The citizens of the Federation on the other hand are convinced that special squads of the free world had infiltrated the villa to correct the extremist political course of china. The latter version was, of course, never confirmed by Federation government.

2130
The political situation has been stabilized. The new Chinese dictator Xu Derui knows of the technological inferiority of the Empire compared with the Federation and lessens the imperialistic drive of his people.
Japanese researchers develop the prototype of a small fusion powered engine that can be used for vehicles (Furytec Drive). Furytec powered vehicles are as nimble as a helicopter with a maximum speed limited to that of small sports airplanes. Thus they are the ideal means of transportation for the large cities, which are overburdened with skyscrapers. Since the fusion reaction inside the Furytec Drive creates close to no pollutants at all they are also great to use within the Japanese city domes.

2136
Astronomers discover that the third planet of the solar system Irata, 80 light years away, is very similar to Mars. Even the chemical composition of the atmosphere is nearly identical.

2137
Hoping to be able to colonize this planet sometime in the future a probe is sent to Irata III, featuring a new second-generation fusion drive. After its arrival the probe will inject a finely dosed amount of Gabanium into the atmosphere of Irata III.
The probe will be travelling for approximately 100 years to reach the planet. The atmosphere should be breathable after 300 years, if everything runs according to plan.

2140
The Empire surprisingly presents the prototype of a generation spaceship to cover distances of several hundreds of light years. Project Starcruiser is based on the fusion drive of the probe, which was sent to Irata III by the Federation three years ago, and has room for up to 3,000 passengers. Until now the Federation was assuming that china did not even possess knowledge of the technology of cold nuclear fusion, much less a second-generation fusion drive. It's suspected that China brought the technology into its possession by means of espionage. But the spaceship contains even more technical highlights which the Federation either didn't know of yet or which at least were still in testing and top secret. Especially the inertia absorbers should be mentioned in this context, which allow the ship to accelerate with maximum power without harming the crew or damaging the installations. The maximum speed of the Starcruiser amounts to 80% light speed.
Near the end of the year the president of the Federation, Eva Goreman, accuses the Chinese Empire of industrial spying, by asking publicly how a nation that produces 80% of it's power by the antiquated means of nuclear fission could suddenly present a spaceship with a modified fusion drive. The governing Chinese dictator, Xu Derui, strictly rejects this innuendo.

2141
The technical advances made in the field of nuclear fusion in the last years were also utilized in arms development, which now results in the manufacturing of advanced hydrogen bombs in large numbers by the Federation. These offer an unimaginable concentration of radioactivity while showing a huge explosive effect and a high sphere of impact at the same time. The new warheads are used by the Federation mainly for the Cold Fusion long-range missiles.

February, 11th 2143
In the morning hours of February 11th the Starcruiser launches for its first and last voyage. 3,000 colonists from all population layers of the Chinese Empire are aboard. The destination of this voyage is kept secret. So is the technology which was installed in the last six months as an enhancement to the fusion drive.

February, 13th 2143
Two days following the launch of the Starcruiser the ship disappears from the instruments of imperial ground control. After a short search a Chinese flight squadron finds some debris which probably belongs to the Starcruiser.

February, 14th 2143
China accuses the Federation of not being able to accept the technological advancements of the Empire and implies that the Starcruiser was destroyed by a federation fighter squadron for this reason. The violent tempered Chinese dictator Xu Derui threatens the Federation with vengeance for the death of the 3,000 colonists.

February, 15th 2143
President Eva Goreman announces that the Federation has no interests in the Chinese plans for colonization and that they never had planned to sabotage them. Furthermore she considers the claims of China holding a technological leading position to be bold and provocative. China could only rightfully claim this, if they were in possession of detailed information about Federation technology. Should China thus have admitted the industry spying indirectly? Further on, Goreman announces that she feels sorry for the Starcruiser incident and that she wants to express her condolences to the remaining relatives of the 3,000 colonists. Although the destruction of the ship would seem to show that the Empire were always overestimating it's own abilities.

February, 16th 2143
Xu Derui announces that further proof for the presence of Federation fighters shortly before the disappearing of the Starcruiser has been found at the last known position of the ship. Enraged, he once again threatens with vengeance.
Goreman announces that same day that the Federation will not take these repeated and unfounded threats.

February, 17th 2143, 06:40 am
The sensors of a German radar station pick up three shadows above the British Channel, which are only visible for a few seconds.

February ,17th 2143, 06:58 am
It's a rainy morning in London, England, when suddenly a bright white light flashes through the city. Seconds later eight million people are dead.

February, 17th 2143, 07:45 am
A briefing of the crisis committee in Federation HQ, New York is held. It's decided to modulate the sensors of all radar installations to the frequencies of the German station, which detected the missiles that were sent to London.

February, 17th 2143, 08:02 am
Two Kerolin Stealth missiles hit Berlin, Germany, and destroy the city. Since the sensors of the Federation satellites were aligned to the navigation frequency of the missiles, they were able to detect the missiles 40 seconds prior to impact. In addition, 27 other missiles approach other major Federation cities.

February, 17th 2143, 08:07 am
With the SALT-17 treaty of 2104 Federation and Empire had agreed on not producing or using any Kerolin Stealth missiles. The deployment of this treacherous weapon by the Empire will now destroy all crowded areas of the Federation within the next 20 minutes.
At 08:07 am, few minutes prior to the total destruction of the Federation, President Eva Goreman gives the command to counter-strike with Cold Fusion long-distance missiles. 85 of these missiles are launched from federated platforms, targeting imperial cities. President Goreman and more than 90% of the Federation's population will not live to see the moment of their impact.

February, 17th 2143, 14:00
In the last six hours approximately 23 of 24 billion human lives have been eradicated.

End of February, 2143
Caused by the enormous detonations the Earth begins to rear up. Volcanoes erupt, earthquakes ripple through the ruins of the cities, the waters of giant floods mix with the blood of the fallen victims. Those still alive fear that this is the end of the world, and for most of them it indeed will be.
 

