2558
Through spring Thor forms up his men and some new followers from the ranks of Ceres to take Neocron with their help. Thor's men are equipped with a powerful hand weapon which shoots heavy plasma. This green glowing concentrated energy contains an enormous amount of destructive power. When Thor's men leave the city of Ceres they know that there's no turning back. Ceres has told them that everyone who'd rather choose war than peace would be forfeiting his place in this community.
The Battle of Neocron doesn't last long. After Crahn and his Psi Monk bodyguards manage to escape, the remaining Psi Monks surrender quickly when realizing that they stand no chance against the powerful energy weapons of Thor. Thor is displeased by the escape of Crahn, but the joy and jubilance of the liberated people comfort him enough to forget his disappointment soon enough. And there are not only his own people who receive him with cheers, but also the people of Crahn. They, too, had suffered badly under the cruel reign of Crahn and his monks and now hope for the organization of a just government or at least for Thor to take over the city as a just ruler, he, about whom they had heard so many encouraging tales.
Crahn flees together with his guards into the wastelands. On the base of an old ruin they begin with the construction of a secured abbey. In the course of the following years Crahn dies. His guards found the Sect of Crahn in the abbey. This sect will become a most influential religion in the following decades.

2565
After seven years of growth, justice and progress under Thor's reign, he considers himself to be too old to continue with ruling over Neocron. He passes his power on to his son, Regant. Regant wants to develop Neocron into the most powerful, most modern and biggest city of the new world.
The construction of the Dome of York is nearly finished as well. Following the insights from the Ceres Discs, York is organized like a city of the 22nd century. As an example for the protective dome above York served the dome of former Tokio, which already protected that city centuries ago against radiation.
Regant doesn't believe in the concept of the dome. Educated by Caalron, the successor of Mecando, he creates a plan for a magnetic shield, which can reflect more than 50 percent of the radiation without a physical structure. The benefits of Regant's plan are based on the fact that his concept won't limit the physical expansion of the city.

2570
Despite the magnetic shield the population of Neocron still suffers from disease which can be traced back to the influence of radiation. Regant plans to improve the shield and asks the now 65 year old Ceres to give him a copy of the Ceres Discs to supplement his knowledge about magnetic shields. Surprisingly Ceres refuses his request. He tells Regant that he had warned Regant's father to choose the bloodshed and that there will be neither partnership nor friendship between Neocron and York.
Bewildered, Regant insists on his right to gain access to the Ceres Discs. He points out that after all it's been his father who discovered them. But Ceres doesn't stray from his point of view. Regant is left no choice but to give up on his plan.

2575
A deadly virus infection kills thousands of Neocron's residents. The city's medics are helpless, and even the Psi Monks, who have wondrous healing methods at their disposal, are puzzled. Once again Regant turns to Ceres and pleads to gain access to the discs to find some medicine against the plague. But Ceres states that the plague is the vengeance of the God of the Blinding Light, who is punishing Neocron for the senseless bloodshed.
Being beside himself with rage and not comprehending as to why Ceres is able to tolerate the demise of so many innocent people, young Regant declares that there will be more bloodshed and begins to set up his troops for a war against the Dome of York.

2576
Regant and Ceres are unable to come to a peaceful arrangement. Regant orders the Psi Monks to use their knowledge about genetic engineering, which they gained primarily while fighting the virus infection, to breed a stronger and more robust kind of warrior. The Psi Monks, who dealt with genetic engineering since Thor's capture of Neocron and the introduction of the new doctrine, intensively pursue this task and develop a prototype after just a few months, which they call Tank. The Tank can be produced as a fully drilled warrior in a short amount of time and has all the characteristics Regant requested. In addition, Regant's scientists develop new armored vehicles based on 22nd century military tanks. Piloted by the new warriors and combined with their genetically enhanced reflexes and tactical abilities, these Hovertanks become extremely effective weapons.
Ceres, too, instructs his researchers to work on new military equipment. They develop a new kind of walking vehicle, a powered giant of metal, equipped with numerous weapons and piloted by humans from inside its massive body. This new kind of field weapon is called WarBot by its developers. Furthermore they work on a new mass destruction system on the basis of the former atomic bomb.

2577
Once again Regant asks Ceres to grant him access to the discs. He explains that, irrespectively of the fact that his father discovered the discs, Ceres is not entitled to use the knowledge of the discs exclusively for himself. In fact, in his opinion the knowledge contained in the discs should be accessible by the whole of mankind.
He issues an ultimatum to Ceres, to make the discs accessible until the end of the year. Should Ceres not react until then, he would coercively ensure by force that the knowledge of the discs can be spread to everyone.

2578
Ceres proclaims the discs to be his property and that Neocron has already benefited more than enough from the knowledge. Regant deploys his army of Tanks quipped with heavy weapons an armored vehicles and attacks the Dome of York with full force. Regant's strategy is aligned on a short but powerful military strike against Ceres, but he fails to take the defensive mechanisms of the dome into account. The area surrounding the city is covered with mines and spring-guns, and the Tanks that break through this protecting wall face an army of warriors piloting their WarBots.

2578-2585
What had been planned as a short strike became the longest military conflict in the history of the new world. While Ceres dispatched his armored warriors to the battlefield, the Psi Monks raised one Tank after the other and the factories spewed out thousands of Hovertanks.
The earth surrounding both of the cities was soaked in blood and covered with debris by now when Ceres' scientists discovered a weapon based on the atomic bomb, which would be able to only kill unprotected organic material but would leave his warriors unharmed, due to a special shielding of their WarBots. Ceres didn't hesitate to let this bomb detonate over the battlefields between the two cities. Thousands of genetically bred Tanks fell victim to the radiation of the bomb. Ceres threatened to let the bomb detonate over Neocron if his enemies wouldn't surrender before one week had passed. But he didn't know that the Psi Monks had already copied the shielding of the WarBots and had applied it to a new type of armor suit, which they developed by adapting some technologies they acquired from destroyed or captured Ceres-WarBots. This armor suit enhanced the reflexes and capabilities of the Tanks even further, and the next wave of Tanks went into battle adequately protected.
Because of this protection and their efficiency and power raised once again significantly by the armor suits, the Tanks vanquished Ceres' warriors and WarBots and invaded the Dome of York. The government was overthrown and Ceres was executed in public. Regant seized all of the Ceres Discs and began to open the knowledge of the discs to the public. Furthermore he appointed a new ruler from his own ranks who was to control the reconstruction of the dome.

2587-2610
The radiation in the area between the Dome of York and Neocron was enormous. Even with the best possible radiation protection, the distance between the two cities couldn't be covered without suffering permanent damages. Which in the following years lead to a rather isolated development of both cities.
The radiated area on the brink and outside of the protective dome is called The Wastelands. The first district of Neocron that adjoins to the Wastelands is the Outzone. Though the Outzone is protected against radiation, the numerous and hard to survey installations and buildings provide a certain incentive for criminal elements. To the inner districts of the city belong Pepper Park, an entertainment and red light district, the Plaza, the actual center of the city, and Via Rosso, the governmental and financial center.
It was a peaceful time, which furthered the research and financial growth to a great extent. The Psi Monks, to whom Neocron more or less owed the victory over Ceres, had taken command of the military.
There was no further genetic development of the Tanks. From the Psi Monks point of view a battle unit based on an organic being couldn't be the optimal solution. The existing Tanks were left to themselves. Much like the Psi Monks, the Tanks mostly kept to their own. Nevertheless they more or less succeeded in integrating themselves into the social system. They took security and bodyguard jobs and thus created their own place in society. Nevertheless the Tanks were not drawn into the regular police force.
Regant, who suffered heavily from the effects of the radiation disease, apparently lost influence and the well organized Psi Monks became more and more a secret power within Neocron. The intelligence service NSD, once founded under Crahn's rule, controlled the activities of the police and was steadily growing in power. The NSD set up internment camps in the Wastelands, where political opponents were held prisoner and being tortured.

2611
Regant dies. His chosen successor is found murdered shortly thereafter. The Psi Monks immediately seize control over Neocron. The Psi Monks introduce rigorous laws, but also do much for the progress of the city. In the meantime the complete knowledge of the Ceres Discs has been put into practice, except for space travel. In some areas the progress has already surpassed the theoretical knowledge.

2618
For the first time people succeed in establishing an uplink to the old satellites, which have stayed in orbit for centuries. Much to the amazement of the scientists more than half of the satellites are still functioning. By use of these satellites they discover that on another continent, which emerged from East Asia, yet another city is being constructed. But since it's situated on the other side of the earth, it's impossible to get to this city through the radiated areas with regular vehicles. Because of the Ceres Discs the Psi Monks also know about the colony on Mars. The council of the Psi Monks resolves to develop a spacecraft by which it's possible to penetrate the orbit to escape the deadly radiation on earth, and by which the East Asian metropolis can be reached. In a second phase a spacecraft shall be developed which is able to fly to Mars.

2630
After twelve years of work the first flying vehicle for 480 years, which is able to break through Earth's atmosphere and travel through the orbit, is at the city's disposal. A selected crew is sent to the newly discovered metropolis. They are amazed when they learn that the city is developed on a high level in a technical as well as in a cultural way. Just like Neocron's, the protective dome of Tokio II is based on a sophisticated magnetic shield. But the two shields also make radio communication between the two cities impossible. The Asians react very unfriendly to the foreigners and are not interested in any further contact to the western world. Thus the crew is unable to learn how the inhabitants obtained the knowledge of the old world. After a stay of just a few days in Tokio II on one morning the crew is awakened by soldiers and gets escorted to their spacecraft. Without having accomplished much the crew travels back to Neocron. After they have reported to the Psi Monks, the latter decide to ignore Tokio II and to concentrate on the space travel program.

2633
A group of young scientists feels oppressed in their work by the Psi Monks, and they decide to leave the city. They erect a small base in the Wastelands, protected from radiation.

2636
Named after the chief of the Psi Council, Shirkan, a spacecraft embarks in September on a journey to the Mars colony, which will take nine months.

2637
The astronauts discover the remains of the more than 500 years old Mars colony, Red Terra. The logs show that the colony fell victim to an unknown kind of virus in 2212. Thanks to the logs, the crew of the Shirkan experiences in a very gripping way the despair of the colonists when they discovered that the Earth was very nearly taken apart by WW3 - while being unaware that, had they known the reason for the catastrophe, they could have prevented the horrible war from happening:
On the 13th of February, 2134, Red Terra receives a distress call from a spacecraft named Starcruiser. They are told that the ship has been hit by meteor debris which damaged the sensors and their equipment for long range communication. The crew of the Starcruiser is therefor unable to send a radio message to Earth, but has already begun to repair the equipment. The ship's crew asks Red Terra to forward this message to mission control in Beijing.

But since Red Terra doesn't know anything about the launch of the Starcruiser and since there were two fighters in the area, which couldn't confirm the existence of the ship, Red Terra command thinks the message to be a joke from the patrol and ignores the call. And so the disaster took its course.
The astronauts also learn about the attempt to make the atmosphere of the planet breathable by using Gabanium. But according to the logs the Gabanium stimulates the development of the deadly virus on Mars, which is why the experiment had to be cancelled. A few days later the crew of the Shirkan discovers that Red Terra continuously receives a Hypercom message. It's from the crew of the Starcruiser. The content of the message, which arrives every three hours at the colony, is, that the generation cruiser has arrived on the planet Irata III, that the Gabanium experiment has transformed the whole atmosphere of the planet according to plan, and that they've been ready to receive new instructions for generations.
Apart from these important insights into the history of mankind and the realization about the order of events of WW3, the crew also picks up all kinds of technical devices. The loot ranges from a Mini-Holodisk player to a VR-Videogame console, as the Shirkan launches after their two-week stay on Mars. The metal, which contains the elements needed for fusion drives, is also taken to Earth in large quantities.
The news about the colonized planet Irata III spreads quickly through Neocron. The government decides to develop spaceships, which can cover the distance of 80 light years to this planet.

2654
After nearly 20 years of work, the Avenger is at Neocron's disposal, a spaceship which is to bring 2000 people in 90 years to the planet Irata III. The crew also has the necessary equipment to construct a permanent communication installation on Irata III, to establish contact with Earth and Mars, respectively.

2660
The colony Red Terra is once again put into operation. The construction of a vast communication facility begins.

2684
After a powerful explosion in the Wastelands, the rumors accumulate about secret laboratories out there, where research on secret weapons and defensive measures is said to be done. Supposedly the Psi Monks run these laboratories to protect their power by force in the case of an insurrection.

2722
The crime rate rises to new heights in Neocron. The citizens accuse the Psi Monks not to be in control of the situation, despite their tough leadership. Lioon Reza, an eloquent ex-member of the secret service, founds a group of terrorists, who set their target on overthrowing the government and reforming the laws of the city.

2724
After a failed attempt to overtake the mighty government building in the Plaza district, Lioon's troops succeed in taking the government of the Psi Monks by surprise and in banning the members of the government from the city. The remaining Psi Monks are tolerated within the city, but are not allowed to congregate or to get active in the field of politics. Many of the Psi Monks of the former government retreat into the old Crahn Abbey in the Wastelands.

2725
Lioon becomes the new dictator of Neocron. He introduces the CopBot system to the city. CopBots are policemen and judges at the same time and therefore are able to rigidly take action against violence and crime in the streets of the city. The laws become strongly simplified and the punishments are extremely increased.

2727
After an insurrection in the old districts of the city, Lioon decides to concentrate the presence of the CopBots on the inner areas of Neocron. Following this decision the outer districts, especially the Outzone of the city, degenerate dramatically. The laws are once again tightened. The only punishment for a criminal act is immediate execution. All aggressive actions are punishable. Carrying weapons unconcealed in the inner districts of the city is (after a caution is issued) punished with death. Everywhere in the city monitoring systems are installed, which are to protect especially the inner areas of the city - Plaza and Via Rosso.

2740
The Avenger arrives at Irata III. Red Terra 2, the new colony on Mars, establishes contact to Irata III. Apparently the people travelling with the Avenger have found a paradise on the planet: Irata III is covered with forests and oceans. The Chinese have erected a city from stone and wood, which they call Typherra. The newcomers are friendly received, but the news of the destructive events on Earth shocks the inhabitants. Since the planet is so big, the Typherrans offer to receive more people.

2742
The news of the paradisiacal situation on Irata III spreads quickly through Neocron. Lioon Reza decides to populate Irata III and to subject the inhabitants of the planet. He promises a prosperous life to the citizens of Neocron, if they join his troops and his trek. Most people are sick and tired of malformed children, radiated water and the general hopelessness on the contaminated Earth, thus joining Lioon's trek.

2743
For unexplained reasons the contact to Irata III suddenly breaks off. Red Terra 2 rules out the possibility of a technical malfunction of the communication facility. The plan of the great trek continues to exist nonetheless, although Lioon himself decides to stay on Earth.

2746
The great trek begins. Forty spaceships, which were constructed following the examples of the Avenger and the Starcruiser, embark on their journey to Irata III. The new design allows 8,000 passengers per ship, which means that 320,000 people are leaving the city. Six months later, another twenty spaceships launch. But those were only the beginning. Almost daily, more, partly much smaller ships, are leaving. The fact that the contact to Irata III has been interrupted for almost a year now only seems to strengthen the wishful thinking and the faith in this new paradise.

2747-2749
The void left in the population of Neocron by those who have embarked on their long journey to Irata III opens up new opportunities for criminal elements. Since the trekkers are forced to leave most of their personal belongings behind, the government decides to collect this property for their own purposes. But there are others who would also like to profit from the abandoned belongings, ranging from everyday utility items to whole buildings, and thus the governmental 'reacquiring' operations get more and more disturbed by criminals and gangs. One man in particular, a lowly criminal named Trevor Denton, succeeds in organizing this raids on left behind property. By forging alliances between several criminal organizations, in the last stages even between members of the Mafia and the Yakuza, he greatly impedes the government's progress in this matter and succeeds in accumulating a good share of personal wealth. But major parts of his success are based on the fact that he is loyal to no one except himself, resulting in him betraying every ally as long as it seems to be profitable. At the end of his short career Trevor Denton is the most wanted man in Neocron, and finally gets killed by one of his many pursuers. To prevent that the organization is overtaken by one of Trevor's children, who all held more or less high positions therein, the government arrests all of them and either executes them or uses them as guinea pigs for scientific experiments. Two of them, Xav and Zeke, are pardoned after they survive a series of experiments. Xav is disfigured for life, while Zeke Denton has lost a good deal of his memory.

2750
The treks have left their marks on the face of the city of Neocron. Deserted areas and the collapse of the spacecraft industry are among the harmless effects. Lioon increases the presence of the CopBots further to prevent the people who are left in the city from plundering and committing other violent acts, but especially in those parts of the city which are difficult to survey, like Pepper Park and the Outzone, the CopBots hardly succeed in their task.
When the contact to Irata III is still not reestablished even four years after it broke off, Lioon's interest in Irata III drops noticeably. Of course he knows that the treks won't arrive on Irata III before 2840 and that he, as opposed to the frozen passengers of the generation ships, will by far have surpassed his maximum life expectancy until then. This realization of his also becomes apparent, when Lioon once again gets more involved in the security aspects of the city and his governmental duties.



