The Fallen Angels, aka the “Tech Freaks”, are the founders and inhabitants of the vast underground complex in the Wastelands known as “Tech Haven”. When the PSI Monks ruled Neocron, a group of scientists who had to work nearly like slaves for the PSI Monk government escaped their laboratories and escaped to the wastelands. There Tech Haven was built, an ever-growing underground complex for the technocrats to freely and independently research new ways of making life under the harsh conditions of the post-apocalyptic world easier for everyone.

Headquarters   
Entrances to Tech Haven can be found in sectors E7 and F7 of the Wastelands. If you are no friend of the Fallen Angels, beware! The entrances are well protected by automatic sentry guns, and throughout the underground complex security is tight, enforced by various robot guards. For those on good terms with the Tech Freaks though, entering Tech Haven is a bit like entering a whole new world. Endless tunnels, long antigrav lifts, shops, appartments, and even some less safe areas who need some cleaning up by more adventurous visitors - all of that illuminated by the typical Tech Haven blue light... not few visitors from the big city have decided to make this refuge their home away from home. Some even moved there completely.

Key Personalities   
The Fallen Angels were founded by Thomas Cooper and his colleagues. Holding a high position in a PSI module research team working for the government did not keep him and his co-workers from discussing ways to fight against the radiation and to improve the overall living conditions deep into the night. One day they made it real, leaving Neocron and moving into the Wastelands where they set the foundations for Tech Haven.
Sylvia Bennet is the current leader of the Scientist Council. People are easily fooled by her ordinary and not excessively attractive appearance. Apart from her seeming to be little more than an average laboratory assistant in her mid forties, she is a very reasonable, quiet, calculating and extremely intelligent person and all in all a rather well-liked leader. Contrary to most key characters of other factions, there are next to no rumors about her.

History   
In 2633 a number of 62 men and women leave Neocron and are led by Thomas Cooper into the Wastelands. In the mountains north of the city they begin to establish their new home, Tech Haven. To protect themselves from radiation, they built the city underground. But still the harsh environment takes its toll on the young settlement for years to come.
The following decades are determined by the scientists' research efforts to protect themselves better from the unhealthy and hostile environment. Among the most notable results of those efforts is the “NeurolinkTM” brain-to-online connection. It enables everyone to establish a direct connection between a computer and the users synapses, and therefore is most useful for disabled persons but also for everyone who is looking for the fastest and most intuitive user interface possible.
Due to their knowledge about PSI gear engineering, the Tech Haven scientists are able to aid Lioon Reza in his revolt against the PSI Monks very effectively. In 2725 they are awarded by the new leader of the Neocron government with an official contract of recognition.
Only few families of Tech Haven participate in the Great Treak of 2742. The nearly unanimous opinion among the Fallen Angels about leaving Earth is that mankind should rather try to adapt to the current conditions, which were after all created by humans, and to try to restore Earth to its former state as far as possible, before considering to leave the planet. A very idealistic point of view, which differs greatly from the practical approach which most people of Neocron take.

Rumors   
Some folks try to badmouth the technocrats by making up rumors about hideous experiments on mutants and normal people, but generally such talk is quickly dismissed as unfounded accusations.
Sometimes there is talk about the Chief Systems Sdministrator of Tech Haven to be no more than a teenaged girl, other sources indicate that she is really a young woman trapped in a teenagers body by some physical disability. She is supposed to be one of the best hackers in the Neocron networks, but so far no one has been able to prove that.
Certain sources indicate that the Fallen Angels, or at least someone among them, are responsible for a recent major attack against the Tangent Technologies network. The recent cooling off in the relations between Neocron CityAdmin and the Scientist Council may or may not be related to these rumors. Connected to this issue may be hearsay that there are internal differences within the council and / or the Tech Haven network administration.
According to unconfirmed talk, Council leader Sylvia Bennet is supposed to anonymously visit certain clubs of disputable reputation owned by Madame Veronique and the Tsunami Syndicate. No eyewitnesses for this have been found so far.

Friend and Foe   
The relations between Tech Haven and Neocron CityAdmin have seen better times. But officially there has been no conclusive information about the matter so far, from either side. The rather neutral to good relations between the Fallen Angels and the anti-government factions of Anarchy Breed and Twilight Guardian may be part of the explanation though. The Tech Freaks generally disapprove of the Crahn sect, mainly because of their common history during the PSI Monk rule over Neocron, and the Black Dragon Clan. Recently Tangent Technologies seems to investigate against Tech Haven, after the arms manufacturer has been hit by a major hacker strike.


