CityMercs are what the name implies - mercenaries. Guns and muscles for hire, they do the jobs that you just are too sophisticated (or wimpy) to do on your own. Of course these warriors for hire operate under a certain code of conduct and will not do just anything unless the price is right. A wise person once said “Every man has a price...”.

Headquarters   
The old run down Military Base, deep in the Wastelands outside Neocron, serves as the base of operations for the “Mercs”. The area provides plenty of opportunities to hone your warrior skills and its remote location keeps the prying eyes of the law and former mission targets on a safe distance.
Players choosing the Twilight Guardian as the faction for their charachter will start out in an apartment in the Bunker of the CityMercs.

Key Personalities   
Tarok Cajun may be past his physical prime now that he has reached the age of 53, but there is still a warrior's blood flowing through his veins. He is renowned among his people and customers alike for being a brilliant strategist, whith an impressing failure rate of less than 95%. He earned his callsign “The Eye” in 2735 when he commanded four mercenary units at the same time in a fight against the Black Dragon after their leaders had fallen. While doing so, he was always completely informed about the combat status and the units' actual risks.
Rumor has it that the CityMerc's SysAdmin Kim MaWong once was a mob hitman working for the Black Dragons, but when he fell from grace with the Dragons he was quickly scooped up by the Mercs before his former employer permanently removed him from their employment records.

History   
When the war ended, groups of veterans gathered in the wastelands and in 2588 they began the construction of their new home. As a sanctuary for the heroes a large bunker like complex was erected with all the necessary facilities such as living spaces and medical stations. But over time some parts of the complex have been abandoned, and it is said that not so friendly beings have started to take over such forgotten sections of the bunker. But so far they have merely been a nuisance and mainly a good training opportunity.
During the years, some traditions have developed which are still upheld: beginners have to perform three test fights versus members of the CityMercs of varying experience, and have to succeed in at least one of those fights. Afterwards they are called “Rookies”. They will accompany patrols on their mission as observers three times then. If the rookie still wishes to join she or he becomes a “White Ribbon”, named after the white cloth ribbon which is worn tied around the left wrist. The higher ranks of the mercenaries see the White Ribbons a bit like they were their children and hold them in high esteem. The sayings “A smart White Ribbon is an honor for the troop” and “How else can a mercenary live on if not through his White Ribbon?” testify the importance of the young mercenaries. Tales of White Ribbons who have rescued their units with by courage and wit are told on many evenings and every White Ribbon knows them by heart.
When a White Ribbon is wounded for the first time on duty and still wants to be a CityMerc, the white ribbon is replaced by a red one. The candidate chooses a new name, a so-called callsign which usually reflects his special abilities or characteristics. Now the mercenary has become a regular Red Ribbon CityMerc for regular missions. Two Red Ribbons form one unit, three units form a platoon. The leader is chosen by the units themselves according to the nature of the mission. Six platoons are one battalion. Battalions are put together on demand, there are, however, always the same platoons who prefer to work together.
The bunker, headquarter of the CityMercs, is run by old veterans who have put down their weapons for good and who work according to their abilities in the administration or in other divisions. They wear black ribbons and apply themselves to the task of behaving benevolently and are like fathers towards the active “boys”. “Send in the Black Ribbon!” is a popular saying when it is getting really dangerous.

Rumors   
Lately there have been some complications as one of the Mercs' major clients, Tangent Technologies, has expressed certain wishes to have parts of the Fallen Angels hunted down for some computer hacking related issues. It is believed that many Mercs will not go to battle against their wasteland neighbors, and if this is the case “The Eye” Cajun is caught in a tricky situation. Losing the Tangent contract would be a financial disaster but the well being of his men always comes first.

Friend and Foe   
The Mercs have their Kevlar protected fingers in basically every cookie jar in Neocron. At least in those cookie jars in need of protection. This makes them good allies for most of the major corporations in Neocron, since they all are looking for easy ways to dump their dirty work on someone else. Naturally the CityMercs often carry out missions against a certain company just to be hired by this very company afterwards for a strike against their first cotractors. While this might look absurd, it is simply proving that most factions in Neocron have realized that the CityMercs are more or less neutral, but hireable by everyone. And they are damn good at their job, so using them to take revenge instead of trying to take out the Mercs themselves is common procedure in the conflicts between the factions.
In the course of carrying out their missions the Mercs often come across elements of the Anarchy Breed which, needless to say, has led to chilly relations with the Breed. Generally the Mercs also try to stay clear of the Black Dragons, since the promotion of Kim MaWong to the position of SysAdmin did not really improve the relations between the two organizations.


