“Our business is your pleasure.” The Tsunami Syndicate deals in crime and they do not even try to hide it. Prostitution, gambling and extortion are their main sources of income. They are situated in Pepper Park, where they control the red-light district. They also control various shops and establishments on all levels of Pepper Park.

Headquarters   
The Syndicate's headquarters is a large, plain looking building in Pepper Park. The outside looks ordinary enough without fancy signs or commercial billboards while the interior reflects the nature of the syndicate. No wonder that it sometimes seems as if most Tsunami members hang out in the numerous clubs of the syndicate.
Players choosing the Tsunami Syndicate as their character's faction will start out whith an apartment in Pepper Park.

Key Personalities
The syndicate is currently under Veronique Duchamps leadership. The fairylike, youthful with her dreamy gaze of a drug-addicted angel had enough brains to safe a part of her money and to open her own establishment as soon as possible. The tragic death of her pimp who was the victim of a terrible sex crime together with three of his fellows was never clarified, but a great help to her. After this, she could be sure of the scene's respect.
Reginald Axom, a 45 years old PSI Monk, is the syndicates advisor. Not much is known about him, except that he is blessed with healing powers and that he probably has been a member of the Brotherhood of Crahn at some point or other.

History   
The business with sex, blackmailing, gambling and the like was always based on the network of trust and power between old friends. Its history is as old as that of mankind and it can be assumed that it will take the emigrates of Irata III - if they should reach the Promised Land - only a week to open a profitable brothel in which it is also possible to smoke home-grown intoxicating herbs.
In Neocron it's like everywhere. There is an endless chain of fraternization and dispute, trade and blackmailing, arrangement and fraud. The “Pussy Club” is one of the oldest clubs in Pepper Park. It is specialized in the exclusive wishes of rich men and women and is often the meeting point for conversations that are not supposed to reach the public. To preserve the privacy and the reputation of her clients, Veronique demands absolute discretion from her employees. Fraud and indiscretions by Syndicate members are usually solved with the help of committed killers. Veronique is always surrounded by her personal guards consisting of six old friends who maintain order in the “Pussy Club”.
Even though Veronique doesn't want to have anything to do with drugs, the Syndicate is far away from being harmless: Without any doubt, the Tsunami Syndicate is among the most brutal and unscrupulous factions of Neocron. 

Rumors   
An organization as “colorfoul” as the Tsunami Syndicate, whith a likewise woman leading it, is bound to be the favorite subject of numerous rumors. Among the most popular and oldest is the one that Mme Veronique supposedly either killed her pimp or got someone else to do it. Though not unlikely it isn't anything that people would be concerned about anymore today. “Whatever happened did happen and it sure got little Veronique to the top” is a likely response to it.
Another often told story is the one about the special backrooms in certain Tsunami clubs, where customers may find ways to satisfy even the most exotic sexual desires. Supposedly these can even include mutants... but surely this is just hearsay.
Last but not least, rumors about the Tsunami Syndicate often seem to include talk about Eric Danmund from Diamond Real Estate. But of course nothing is proven in that regard - it's just a bit peculiar.

Friend and Foe   
Some companies seem to have better relations than others toward the syndicate, all though they would probably never admit it. BioTech Industries for example seem to have some sort of arrangement with them. The Anarchy Breed, too, have close ties to the syndicate. After all most of their members are regular customers in the Syndicate's clubs and establishments.
But of course it is only natural that an organization like the syndicate has enemies as well. CityAdmin naturally does not like the syndicate, neither does ProtoPharma nor the Brotherhood of Crahn. The syndicates greatest enemy is without a doubt the Black Dragon Clan. At the moment the two organizations battle more or less open about the monopoly for sex and gambling, which is of course held by Tsunami.


