“Defending the truth against all heathens until Crahn the Savior returns!” The Brotherhood of Crahn is the biggest and most influential religious organization in Neocron. Having played the games of power on both sides, as rulers as well as persecuted underdogs, in recent times they seem to have withdrawn their activities to the field of PSI research and the production of PSI devices. Apart from their ever present religious acitvities of course.
The PSI Monks are maybe the most exotic group in the world of Neocron. They are descendants of a tribe of people which lived underground for centuries after the nuclear apocalypse. Discovered by a tribe which was led by the infamous Crahn their ancestors were incorporated into the society of the surface dwellers and thus their fate closely bound to that of this great leader and his descendants.
After Crahn's downfall in 2588 he flees Neocron and together with his most dedicated PSI Monks founds the “Brotherhood of Crahn”. Praising the lore of the god of the blinding light and the need for the “normal” humans to develop their bodies and minds further just like the PSI Monks did in their underground caves, the sect becomes the major religious force in Neocron by which Crahn tries to reclaim the power which he lost when Thor drove him out of the city. Crahn's successors accomplish this task when they establish the rule of the PSI Monks over Neocron in 2611. Their reign ends in 2724 when the Twilight Guardian, led by Hagen Yager and Lioon Reza, overthrows the PSI Monk government.

Headquarters   
The Crahn Abbey in the Outzone Sector 9. A large cathedral surrounded by collapsing buildings and crumbling streets, the Abbey is nonetheless an impressive building. The chants of the novices echo through the halls, while the already initiated brethren rely solely on their PSI powers to communicate with each other and their deity. Followers of the Crahn sect will find shelter and job opportunities whithin these walls.
Players choosing the Brotherhood of Crahn as their character's faction will start out with in appartment in the Outzone.
The products of the Brotherhood, mainly PSI modules and implants, are sold in the Yakarma shops which can be found throughout the city.

Key Personalities   
Neopha Kansil, their “First Follower of Crahn”, is at age 63 still a very potent PSI Monk. He is rarely seen outside of the abbey, where he spends most of his time in seclusion and silent devotion. Nonetheless he is the undisputed leader of the sect, his word is law among the brethren.
Golon Kalah is one of the most qualified communication specialists of the New World. He is convinced of the Crahn sect's aims and would give his life for the Brotherhood. The purist lives totally withdrawn and reveals only little of his real personality to the outside world. Yet, he feels silent admiration for his leader Neopha of whom he lip-reads (or rather: mindreads) every wish.

History   
The Brotherhood of Crahn is founded in 2558 by Crahn himself and his elite PSI Monk guard. Together they occupy an old abbey and make it their home. It is believed that the Brotherhood kept contact with PSI Monks who stayed behind in Neocron, gathering information, goods and financial aid through these channels. When the PSI Monks seize power over Neocron in 2611, most of the Brotherhoods members return to the city. A skeleton staff is left behind at the abbey. Parts of the abbey are destroyed in 2684 when a PSI intensifier feed-backs and ignites an explosion in one of the labs.
In the year 2715 Neopha Kansil is appointed First Follower of Crahn and therefore leader of Neocron. His rule lasts until 2724 when the PSI Monk regime is overthrown. The PSI Monks flee back to the abbey, a strategy that worked well in the past and proves to do so again. Dictator Lioon Reza lifts the banishment against the PSI Monks in 2728 and a small delegation of monks returns to Neocron and establishes an outpost in Pepper Park. The Order does its best to establish good relations with the citizens. 

Rumors   
Rumor has it that the Brotherhood is conducting research in many more fields than just PSI use. Ghastly stories are secretly told about barbaric and inhuman experiments, deep down below the monk's old abbey in the Outzone. Supposedly the PSI Monks have been trying for a long time to genetically engineer a new race of superhumans, who will perfectly adapt to the living conditions of a largely radiated world. Spokesmen of the sect have dismissed these rumors als feeble attempts of religious fanatics to damage the good name of the sect.
Connected to these rumors are stories about the Brotherhood being responsible for having quite a number of the mutated species wandering the Wastelands let escape from their very own secret laboratories. This talk as well has been vehemently denied by Brotherhood officials.
Other rumors say that the PSI Monks are trading the new insights they gain from their dubios experiments for medical and research equipment with BioTech. Apparantly this is supposed to be a alliance on the highest level of both organizations and some people even suspect that soon Seymour Jordan, CEO of BioTech, will convert to the sect.
Finally some sources indicate that the Brotherhood has in fact been operating a large information gathering network since the sect was founded. The most apparent form of this network manifested itself in the PSI Monk's Secret Police shortly before they took up the rule over Neocron in 2611. But though those times are long gone and the PSI Monks claim to have stopped all activities in this regard, the rumors about a secret PSI Monk organization operating under the cover of the sect constantly keep floating around.

Friend and Foe   
Recently it has become an open secret that the Brotherhood has formed an alliance whith the Twilight Guardian. One can only guess how long it will take before CityAdmin deems it necessary to strike against the newfound “friends”. But the government has good reasons to take an observant stance at the moment; President Reza knows that the alliance between the monks and the rebels is likely to fail soon anyway. Hagen Yager, leader of the Twilight Guardian, has more than enough reasons to loathe the PSI Monks, and those in turn despise the democratic ideas of Yager and his followers. That this alliance could be formed nonetheless is a small wonder and just goes to show how much the Brotherhood and the Guardian would like to overthrow the current Neocron government. (Just to backstab their respective ally subsequently, of course.)
Often members of the Brotherhood can be seen in the vicinity of Black Dragon Clan spots. By their own account they seek to persuade the “poor souls” to accept Crahn as their savior, but who knows what their real purpose might be?
Madame Veronique hates the “preaching moles”, as she calls the PSI Monks, nearly as much as drugs or customers who are broke. Ever since the PSI Monks opened up their local branch in Pepper Park, there have been violent clashes between the Tsunami Syndicate and the Brotherhood. Lately the situation has become a bit more relaxed, but both factions are still closely eyeing each other and the slightest spark might be suited to set off another escalation.
The Anarchy Breed is not on good terms with the sect. They are convinced that members of the Brotherhood abduct the weak or more reclusively living anarchists and use them for their dark experiments. Of course this is all slander and unfounded defamation according to the Brotherhood of Crahn.


