Idealistic, uncompromising, enthusiastic. That is what the men and women of the Twilight Guardian movement are or at least try to be. In their fight against the current despotic Neocron regime they are all determined to even give their lives if need be, in the fight which they have taken up to create a better future for the people of Neocron. Or to put it in their own words: “Freedom is our law!”
But not all citizens think that they need to be saved from the current government...

Headquarters   
The Twilight Guardian headquarter is one of the most impressive faction bases. It is built into a huge natural canyon landscape, found to the northeast of Neocron in the Wastelands. The only entrance is sealed off by a dam-like wall which is several feet in width and reaches to the top of the canyon walls. It really can give the impression of holding back the righteous flood of freedom fighters, which one day will break through and wash over the city. Provided that the ruler of Neocron does not take action first and order a massive strike against the well known hideout.
Players that choose the Twilight Guardian as their character's faction will start in an apartment in the Guardian's canyon fortress (Wastelands Sector E13).

Key Personalities   
The rebels of the Twilight Guardian are led by almost ancient Hagen Yager. Nearly thirty years ago, the leader of the Guardian met Lioon Reza and teamed up with him to found the original rebel organization. Back then they both wanted to overthrow the PSI Monk government. At long last they succeeded, but Yager was betrayed by Reza, who seized control over CityAdmin and Neocron to rule over the city. Yager, as his former fighting comrade and deeply disappointed by the betrayal of the man he thought was his friend, reformed the Twilight Guardian and continued the fight against governmental injustice, to finally bring freedom and democracy to the city of Neocron.

History   
In 2722 the Twilight Guardian is founded by Hagen Yager and Lioon Reza, who met three years before. Only two years later, after numerous guerilla strikes against the PSI Monk government forces and not too few terrorist strikes within the city, they reach their goal of overthrowing the government and chasing the monks out of the city. In the turmoil of the coup Reza succeeds in seizing control over CityAdmin and closing his grip on the city. In 2726 Yager decides to reform the rebel organization and again takes up the fight. Today, after a life which for the last half has consisted of more or less constant fights, Yager knows that he is running out of time if he still wants to achieve his goal.

Rumors   
Rumor has it that Yager is terminally ill. Supposedly he has not got more than perhaps two years left. Other sources indicate that Hagen is in the best of health, thanks to the medical equipment and technology he gets out of his good relations to Tech Haven.
According to street talk the alliance between the Brotherhood of Crahn and the Guardian is doomed to fail utterly, because supposedly the PSI Monk government was responsible for the untimely death of Yager's parents. He is said to loathe and despise the Monks deeply, which is why it seems uncertain if any of the two parties can refrain from backstabbing the other at the first opportunity.
Other rumors indicate that Yager, just as Lioon Reza, planned to seize power over Neocron all for himself when they successfully overthrew the PSI Monks; and that he will do exactly that should he ever succeed in overthrowing Reza's reign. According to this sources Hagen Yager plans to become the next autocrat of Neocron.

Friend and Foe   
The Twilight Guardian rebels have few allies and many foes. Almost every corporation of Neocron, who all see their profit margins in danger should the current government change, happily supports CityAdmin in their fight against the insurrectionists. Even the CityMercs support the government in this fight, or at least they do not aid the rebels in any way.
On the side of the Twilight Guardian stands the Brotherhood of Crahn, who only recently formed an alliance with the rebels. This was born out of pure necessity though. Both parties have one thing in common, their more or less obvious efforts to overthrow the Neocron government. But that is about as far as the similarities go, and they have more than enough differences to let this alliance be viewed in a quite uncertain light. Apart from the PSI Monks the Guardian members have very good relations to the Anarchy Breed and the Fallen Angels. They have very similar political views, although some people of the Breed forwn upon the Guardian's ambition to replace the current system with a government on their own; but overall they see the rebel's plans at least as the lesser of two evils.
Finally the Twilight Guardian is said to have very good contacts to Neocron's hacking underground through their brilliant young SysAdmin who goes by the nick of “Flash”.


