“Can you refuse our offer?” Where man goes you will find those of ill repute, the people outside of the law. Men and women who create their own society within society. They follow their own rules, answer only to themselves. The Black Dragon Clan is just this, a society of its own within Neocron.
The Black Dragons control the illegal drug market in Neocron, dealing in anything from over the counter products to black market goods. They also control parts of the real estate market. Some consider them just as ruthless in both areas of business. They are dangerous businessmen who do not hesitate to eliminate any competition or tenant that gets out of line.

Headquarters   
The Black Dragon headquarters can be found in Pepper Park, a large building well guarded by clan members. Few people enter this shady building uninvited. Those that do, rarely leave.
Players choosing the Black Dragon Clan as their characters faction will start out in Pepper Park.

Key Personalities   
Maximilian Trond, age 54, is the undisputed leader of the Black Dragon Clan. He started at the bottom and fought his way up to a position where he now controls the infamous clan. He is known to rule with an iron hand and a ruthless attitude. Needless to say he is feared by most that know his name. The main reason for this is that those that go up against him have a nasty habit of suddenly waking up in the wastes, buried alive in a not so shallow hole.
Torben “Gecko” Manquist is the Clan's Consiliere. Whatever Trond commands, Manquist does. Whenever Trond needs advice, Manquist is the first to be counseled by him. Some say Manquist is just waiting for an opportunity to take control, but others are not so sure. Manquist has proven his loyalty time and time again. This and the fact that Manquist has a strong belief in honor among thieves make Trond's position as leader seem as secure as ever.

History   
The Black Dragons were created in 2680 when two criminals, Nico “Furry” Manecci and Wan “Dragon” Tokai, joined forces. Planned as a combination of the ancient Mafia and Triad system the newly born group suffers several disasters due to poor leadership from Tokai's side. This results in his untimely demise in 2683 when he is found face down in a gutter, which goes to show that the ascent of the Black Dragon is more due to the skill, intelligence and unscrupulousness of Nico Manecci. Being highly interested in ancient history the “Don”, as Manecci starts to call himself, organizes the Clan more and more similar to the Cosa Nostra of old times. The only attribute related to Tokai he keeps is the unusual sounding name, Black Dragon Clan. It stands as a warning for all Clan members, to never show the weaknesses Tokai did. The Black Dragons excel under Manecci's leadership and they are considered to be number one by their competitors in the year 2690.
Max Trond joins the clan in 2710.
He is noticed early on because of his determination and cold-bloodedness. The Black Dragons hold their own until 2727 when disaster strikes. Lioon Reza's anti crime program proves fatal to Manecci as a STORM-Bot runs amok during a raid and kills him. With his dying breath he appoints Maximilian Trond to be his successor.
Through a brilliant move in economics and stock trading the Black Dragons manage to buy up large areas of real estate in 2741. This leads to whole streets and entire districts coming under Black Dragon control. Ever since the Clan has started to act as a reputable real estate company, since it is a near perfect cover for their illegal activities.

Rumors   
It is believed that the Black Dragons have some kind of connection with a couple of the larger companies. Speculations name ProtoPharma for example, because most people believe that the Clan could never manage to produce some of their more advanced designer drugs without the help of Neocron's largest pharmaceutical company.
Other sources indicate, that Trond has managed to get nearly all of Diamond Real Estate under his control, by very shady means. Most people do not care much, because as ever realtors are not exactly popular, and Joe Avarage assuems that Eric Danmund of Diamond deserved whatever he got from the Clan. Those who think further than to their next meal realize though that this connection, should it exist, puts the Black Dragon Clan into a dangerously powerful position.
Another rumor says, that the Clan and the Brotherhood of Crahn have formed a tight and very low profile business relationship. Supposedly drugs for certain experiments and trade with informations about other factions are part of it, but of course no one has been able to prove anything so far.

Friend and Foe   
It is well known that the Black Dragons have good relations with the Anarchy Breed. the Breed members are loyal customers of the Clan's dealers or even deal themselves or work as couriers for the Black Dragon. The anarchists also often get hired as thugs for the Clan, if they are willing to.
The fact that the Clan is damaging the overall health of the city's population by their drug trafficking considerably is only a minor offense as far as CityAdmin is concerned. But the Black Dragon's factual control over a major part of the real estate market is a completely different story. After all the administration has not privatized Diamond Real Estate just to see it being taken over by the dubious Clan. The Black Dragon will have to draw back from this field of work, or they will suffer the consequences - all in the citizen's best interest, of course.
The war between the Black Dragons and the Tsunami Syndicate is traditional, the victims are legion. Sometimes being fought undercover, sometimes turning the streets of Neocron in general in Pepper Park in particular into boiling battlefields, this conflict, which has existed ever since the Clan was formed, has lasted so long and caused so many casualties, that the initial reason for it has long been forgotten. At the moment the cause for the differences between the two organizations are attempts of the Black Dragon Clan to expand into the gambling and entertainment business, which is traditionally ruled by the Syndicate.
Another bloody conflict exists between the Clan and the troops of CityMercs. Supposedly this is related to the Systems Administrator of the Mercs having worked for the Clan, before he fled to the mercenaries.


