“Wherever you want to go - go NEXT.” And most people do, because “Neocron Exploaration Technology Inc.” (NEXT) is definitely the largest company producing almost any form of vehicles in Neocron. From conventional motorbikes to subways, from cabs to giant generation starships - there are few vehicles on the roads and in the skies of Neocron which have not seen the insides of a NEXT production hall.

Headquarters   
The NexT Systems Inc. corporate headquarters are located in the Plaza, 4th district. It is a large but compact building with functional and simple design and layout. The entrance proudly displays the company name, on both signs and on large glass windows.
Players choosing NEXT as the faction of their character will start out in an apartment in the Plaza district.

Key Personalities   
Company CEO Craig Diggers, 55, originally planned to join the Great Trek to Irata III. He was left on earth when the company-owned glider crashed on its way to the ship. A simple turbine failure put and end to his plans and crippled him by crushing his legs. Whith very physical help from BioTech though Craig managed to start anew. He has continued to lead NEXT through the challenges that have arisen since the Trek left, and ha been very succesful in doing so. Still, what he desires most is a second chance to leave Earth for Irata III.
Violet Derix, 62, is NEXT's Systems Administrator. Though some would say that she is too old for her job and out of date, her programs are famous for their characteristics and charming beauty, almost considered works of art by some. She lives a luxurious life in Via Rosso where she can often be seen with her old-fashioned laptop in some bar, enjoying historical Martinis and delightful chats during working hours.

History   
NEXT Inc. is founded in 2723 by Craig Digger. The original headquarters are situated in an old hangar, a place most suitable for a group of engineers devoted to the development and construction of spaceships. The early years are hard on the company, burdened by the uneasy political situation. In order to save the company from ruin they develop the first city glider called “Butterfly”. The silent and highly maneuverable vehicle appeals to mayn citizens and quickly becomes a success. The Butterfly is followed by the “Sky Cruiser” and the “Windglider” and in 2732 the company begins to achieve real profits.
A co-operation contract for development and production is signed with BioTech Industries in 2733. The vehicles can now be perfectly equipped in all variations from simple to luxurious. NEXT Inc. is introduced to the StockX in 2736. A month after introduction the share price has quadrupled; the balances are impressive. The company goes through some changes during 2747 as the bulk of the company, including Craig Diggers, prepare for the Great Trek. The contract with BioTec Industries is handed over to Tangent Technologies at this time. As the launch date approaches in 2749 Diggers sells most of his real estate and shares, storing his fortune and recent development plans on the last spaceship. On his way to board the ship, the glider he is travelling on suffers a turbine failure and crashes. Mr Digger misses the ship and loses both his legs, as well as his entire fortune and secret development plans. He is back in control of the company in 2750, with a set of brand new artificial legs from BioTech Industries. The once visionary engineer is now a disillusioned, broken man with only one purpose in life: to reinitiate the Irata III program. 

Rumors   
There is not much talk about NEXT Inc. and/or its CEO. Seldom has the company made the impression to be involved in suspicious deals, and Craig Diggers himself was never involved in any major scandals or the like. So, naturally, only a few rumors are told about him and his company, and most people do not believe them. Without doubt NEXT is one if not the company in Neocron whith the most flawless reputation.
Sometimes there is talk about CEO Diggers having a secret relationship whith SysAdmin Violet / his current secretary / any other woman working for NEXT Inc. Since Diggers is quite the dignified gentleman, some people have no problem believing this. Then again there is neither proof nor harm in it, should it be true.
Other talk indicates that Craig Diggers is in some way or other involved in the alleged secret escapades of Eric Danmund, CEO of Diamond Real Estate. The reason is supposed to be Diggers' desire to re-initiate the governmental spaceflight program; it is said that he uses all connections to the CityAdmin he can think of, and Danmund would of course be an excellent contact. Sceptics say that Danmund's influence at CityAdmin is getting weaker steadily anyway, so they do not see why Diggers should waste his time on the Diamond CEO.
Now and again you may hear talk about NEXT secretly supporting the Fallen Angels. Of course this is very far-fetched - after all, why should Diggers risk to fall in disgrace whith the CityAdmin should they ever find out?

Friend and Foe   
To fulfill his dream of travelling to the stars Craig Diggers needs the help of the government, and he knows it. That is why NEXT Inc. is on very good terms with CityAdmin itself and every pro-governmental faction in Neocron. Well, almost. Relations between NEXT and ProtoPharm are quite chilly, to be honest, because prior to the Great Trek, when the company including its CEO was in full preparation for the departure from Earth, Sandra Frasier launched a hostile takeover against NEXT by buying nearly all obviously and less obviously available shares of the transport systems company. Diggers was able to avert the attack in the nick of time, but naturally this affair led to a drastic temperature drop in the two company's business relations.
Like almost every other big company, NEXT Inc. maintains good relations whith the CityMercs and often puts up contracts for the mercenaries.
It is quite obvious that NEXT as a company as well Diggers as an individual have enough reasons to work against the Twilight Guardian rebels. It is doubtful if the rebels will ever have a chance to succeed as long as the triangle of NEXT, CityAdmin and Tangent Technologies works as well as it has done so far.


